The `content.md` file in an Atomic Learning page repository contains the main content for the page. This file will be periodically read by a program on the Atomic Learning server and processed to update the page on the website.

# Formatting Rules and Best-Practice

## Markdown vs HTML

Many HTML tags are supported in Markdown files, but it is generally preferred to use Markdown syntax where possible for formatting the content of the page, as it is more concise and easier to read in the raw file.

## Headings

You should not include a heading at the start of the page with the title as this will be automatically generated by the Atomic Learning system based on the title defined in the `metadata.json` file. Instead, headings can be defined as normal within the page using `#`{.markdown} for the highest level heading under the title, `##`{.markdown} for the next level, and so on.

## Example

You can view the `content.md` file of this page [here](https://github.com/Atomic-Learning/atomic-learning-content-file/blob/main/content.md) for an example of what a content file might look like.

# Under the Hood

The `content.md` file is read by a program running on the server which processes the Markdown content and converts it into HTML for display on the website. This program also applies stylistic formatting to ensure consistency, security and accessibility across all pages on the site. The processed content is then stored in a database and served to users when they visit the page on the website.

# Legacy HTML Files

At time of writing there is an ongoing transition from HTML files to Markdown files for the content of pages on the Atomic Learning website. During this transition, some pages may still have their content defined in an HTML file rather than a Markdown file. When both a present in a repository, the Markdown file will be used. The HTML files will continue to be supported and processed by the server program for now, but this support will eventually be removed. As a result, it is recommended to carry out all new work in Markdown files.
